Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
It was a man's world.
The roles were assigned.
The cards were dealt.
Men made the big money.
We women kept in the background
and we were fine with it.
Ten dollars!
Such were the times.
When I met Antek. he was
my professor at university.
He dated my friend Helena.
I was deeply impressed.
I had no idea what he did after hours.
This is what I told you about.
Splendid.
A Red dragon?
Careful! It's an 18th century icon.
Full discretion as discussed.
It disappeared from police evidence.
so they won't look for it.
Would be embarrassing.
This is what I told you about.
Careful! It's a 18th century work of art!
Do you know what this is?
They say it's all about
the right time and place.
12 December 1981 11:50 pm
10 minutes before the martial law
The partners were about
to meet at a historic time –
the introduction or martial law in Poland.
It's the story of the first Polish fortunes.
And I was there to watch
how they made their millions.
Gentlemen.
you are under arrest for fencing.
Fencing?
I can explain.
Did you sell this icon?
I did.
But it's not stolen.
He claimed it came from police evidence.
Badmouthing the state police?
You're under arrest.
Take him away.
The work of generations…
What is this Muppet show?
…is being laid to ruins.
Key areas stop functioning.
The dwindling economy…
That's what rock-stars do in the West.
Open the window!
Kazik!
Kazik! Kazik!
Off you go!
This is how Kazimierz Bączek rocks!
Kazimierz Bączek. A janitor. currency dealer
and small time crook.
Protected by the deal he struck
with state security.
Do you know what you did?
I killed a man with a TV-set.
Worse.
You killed a state security agent!
What's the penalty?
Death.
I am so sorry.
These things happen.
- Is there no other solution?
- Sign this.
And never mention any of this again.
I'll sign anything.
What's in it for me?
Colonel Starczewski.
A true villain.
Military intelligence.
He was like the mafia.
spinning his web.
Do you know this man?
Barely. Small-time crook.
You are best friends now.
Everything you see.
everything you find out…
Know what I mean?
I'm so sorry!
There you are!
I was worried sick!
There's war!
Curfew after 10 pm. the phones are off.
I'm so happy they let you go.
Nobody would to talk to me.
Well. you know…
Through Antek. Bączek met Komar.
Good day!
A famous tennis player
and party animal.
In reality he was most famous for
running luxury escorts.
Allow me to introduce
doctor Antoni Kafer!
Artist and Art school faculty.
- Maestro Antoni Kafer!
- That should fire up my ego.
And yet you're still idling.
Better than misfiring.
We've met.
It's good to see you.
I need more.
No problem.
Are you Antoni's friend?
Please. join us.
Friends of friends are also my friends.
The three musketeers were soon
joined by a fourth one.
The son of a general in the Polish Army.
Karol Lis.
Also under colonel Starczewski's umbrella.
Will she remain your wife after she
learns of your indiscretions?
How do you know?
The wives were not stupid.
They knew.
They had their reasons not to leave.
Dorota was the toughest.
She ran a sewing business
and was doing good.
Denim was in fashion. but it
wasn't available anywhere.
Thank you. lieutenant.
for this well carried out search.
I'll gladly report your dedication
to your superiors.
I don't understand.
One word is enough.
Talent can't go to waste
on such low level.
You could get promoted…
Krysia was Bączek's wife.
I have work.
Well…
She just loved him too much.
And he did what he wanted.
I made you some beef tartare!
Beef tartare?
Janitors living the high life!
Been queuing three days for the meat!
- They sold beef. so…
- Queuing. Right…
I always thought this was
the wrong company for Antek.
I was young. naive and very much in love.
I resisted for a long time.
Didn't want to be one of his flings.
Love plays by its own rules.
Nothing to do with rational thinking.
Oh…
Is it not too late?
Absolutely not. professor.
Can I come in?
Yes. please.
Are you painting with artificial lighting?
It's just a touch-up.
I only have loose-leaf…
I'll have some.
Compared to the Polish transformation.
the Wild West was a sandbox.
Bączek was turning everything into money.
Stolen cars. forged fuel coupons…
This is the key.
Tricking tourists.
What is that?
I wanted railway worker. not miner!
It's my in-law's. The man
dreamed of being a railway worker!
Lower the barrier.
They're coming.
How much?
100!
Bitte!
Change money?
There's the train!
- We need to do something!
- Leave it!
No. my bad! The train will let you through.
Crooks can smell other crooks.
And when the lieutenant didn't get promoted.
he stuck with Bączek's group.
I do not only business protection.
I became a businessman myself.
Much like you.
I have access to wholesalers.
If you need something. just…
I run everything from here.
Room 102.
Good evening. Mr. Lis.
What? Here?
Are you crazy?
Relax. I'm not on duty.
Sorry for bothering you.
Bravo!
If you need anything.
Denim. threads. rivets.
Anything.
I run things from here. Room 102.
102 for denim. you say?
Tell him.
She didn't take your letter.
Why not?
Because she wanted to speak in person!
How about you offer me a drink?
Of course!
Vodka?
A drink! Campari with juice.
Can-can with juice for the lady!
Coming up.
How long has it been?
Seven years I was away.
You're famous. Saw you at a festival.
I wanted…
We could've had it all!
All!
I know.
I regret it.
What about the child?
I was 17! I wasn't ready!
- Did you have an abortion?
- A miscarriage!
Kazik…
What if this is a sign?
Our second chance?
Is there some place we can talk?
There is.
Bring the order to room 210
and put it on room 102.
Certainly.
Good evening.
Are you Kazimierz Bączek?
Did you too turn to some business?
Here's some seed money.
My name is Maciejak. I'm with the police.
You're coming with us.
Where are you taking him?
Put this back.
Take him away.
That was a great performance!
For Lis and Bączek this was nothing unusual.
They were always dirty.
State police!
- Let's talk about this!
- Not this time!
Nice. Grab them.
I'm only here for the denim.
Denim? What denim?
He came here with the bale
and is leaving with it.
Very well.
I'm leaving.
You're leaving with us.
Time in jail and orders from your handler.
Good base for a solid friendship.
Did you see the guy who just left?
You'll work together.
You'll keep an eye on him.
What should I do?
What you are. Just more actively.
More actively.
70% of every dime you make goes to us.
And everything will be forgotten.
Dorota was also very active.
Hello?
It's you.
All is well. Don't worry.
Can you call me later?
I am hiring a new seamstress.
Do you need a lift?
Yes! The bus stop is miles away!
We'll be grateful.
I saw him inside. He's got friends.
After you.
Kazik felt that Karol might be useful.
And he was right about that.
I was gathering cards all over town.
- Where's the money?
- Safe.
Mind you head!
By meeting Karol and Dorota
Kazik struck gold.
POZNAŃ. 1987
Back then we were doing
better than most people.
For Bączek this wasn't enough.
Way to go. Komar!
Keep it up!
He was getting increasingly greedy.
Dorota's idea brought him
the millions he desired.
Kazik!
Karol!
You didn't say you'd bring Dorota!
Hi!
Don't you know I love tennis?
What's the score?
Our champ is winning.
Because Becker and Lendl didn't make it.
Pour us a drink!
Why does a tennis player
make a good barman?
Because he can serve!
I'll check on the juniors.
People spend their last dime
to buy decent vodka.
We should share the state's
monopoly on vodka and taxes.
- None for me.
- Like the US during the prohibition.
I like what I hear.
Who needs all that tax money?
It's all a waste!
That's right.
A sea of taxes!
Let's change state's money into our money.
We can put it to better use
than those bureaucrats.
That is a wicked idea!
Hit him with a backhand!
We need to flood the country with vodka.
400-600% profit.
800%!
Like Escobar on cocaine!
He's in the paper!
You'll be just as famous!
I need to pick up some wares.
Remember who pointed you
towards big business.
I'll always help you.
I will never forget this.
The devil is always in the details.
And no more sewing for my playboy husband.
I'm always helping!
Fuck off.
Kazik!
Substitution!
Komar for Lis!
Heard you're looking for
someone to sell us the booze?
I know just the guy!
In Berlin.
I hope he's more real than
our trip to DeNiro's private island…
Don't bullshit a bullshitter!
If at first you don't succeed…
Let the others do the deed!
And here's our friend from the coast!
And no wife!
Gentlemen!
I took care of the fun part of the evening!
Sounds interesting.
It's time for some friendly family feud!
Shall we dance. pretty boy?
Maybe later. princess.
There was a slight mix-up.
Is everyone happy?
Where are you going?
Relax. bro. Family stuff.
I'll be back.
Stick around.
Just look at our life!
Hello. my dear!
I can't. I'm sorry.
I met the Art School dean from Cracow.
The fat one. Have to talk to him.
Krystyna!
How big he is!
I won't go further. I know what's going on.
Can you get me some paintings?
Hold on a second.
- Krystyna…
- Call me Krysia.
I know about the women
and your men's business.
I won't agree to a divorce.
"For better or worse."
I swore it in church.
He can't mess with God's will.
Keep it down. please.
I have a kid!
I need security!
Get me some paintings.
I know you can.
I'll keep you in mind.
Let me walk you to your cab.
Or maybe your icons?
I heard you talking about value increase!
How it's a good investment.
Those icons…
…are quite rare.
I'll call around.
I'll ask.
Marzena?
See. I got rid of the fat guy.
I'll be there in 30 minutes.
Maybe we can go to the movies?
Top Gun at 8 pm?
I have to go to Berlin soon.
Bye.
What the hell?
Get behind the wheel.
WEST BERLIN. 1988
Halt!
CA.
Store for rich Germans.
Let's go.
You bet!
I'll be right back.
Paradise!
Look! Perfect for you!
Leave the bling.
A Casio is good enough.
And it plays music!
Your suitcases!
Excuse me!
Guys!
Vielen Dank!
I bought western briefcases.
Danke.
To Poland? Together?
No. thank you.
I… come back.
Ich warte.
Warte? That's the river in Poznań!
Warthe.
She knows our river! In Poznań!
Hello. gentlemen!
Let's take care of this vodka business.
It's all a piece of cake.
My lawyers and I are in a hurry.
We're meeting Saudi investors.
Come on in! Don't be shy.
Wait.
Nice to see you. Kazik.
Hallo. Karol!
Wieviel wollen sie kaufen?
Kazik…
Open the vault!
Dough.
Money.
Meine Herren.
We could call this a…
…misunderstanding.
I wish you
a pleasant day.
To Poland? Together?
Where did he go?
To think?
No! He's selling us the vodka
with delayed payment!
Bullshit. He told us to get out.
Our 20.000 German marks are nothing to him.
Pack it up and let's go.
I come back.
I don't believe it!
Parking this junk right here?
Get in.
What are you doing?
Are you crazy?
Bloody SS!
He's a very important man!
Stop him!
He knows Schwarzenegger!
He sails with Navratilova!
What are you doing?
Give me a chance!
I'll get you as much as you want!
Verstanden?
Tell him!
Don't you have distilleries in Poland?
He asks about Polish distilleries.
Why buy here?
Let's make a different deal.
Bring me your spirit.
Spirit? Alcohol?
Poland. Russia...
Tank trucks!
Tank trucks.
I'll fill it in bottles
and sell it back to you.
No questions asked. no customs. no taxes.
Nothing.
Why share profits with the state?
He wants you to bring him pure spirit.
He'll bottle it.
No taxes. no customs.
And you can sell it cheaper than vodka.
Gut?
Is that possible?
New laws will be passed soon.
You have to hurry.
It won't last forever.
Everything is possible.
My friend!
My friends!
I come back!
Thank you!
The army is brilliant.
A base in every town.
Like McDonald's in the West.
Our branches!
This gives us contacts all over the country.
Just need some spirit
to send to Germany.
The army can help us
move the bottled spirit
to wholesalers all over Poland.
That's the deal.
See you tomorrow!
I'm Maciejak. with the Polish police.
How's the weather in Berlin?
So that's the deal.
Want us to work on collective farms?
Report each time we take a leak?
Harassing people who want freedom of trade!
Meaningless malcontents!
I'm not here to harass you!
I want to help!
You and Marzena.
How could you help me?
We can talk nicely
or not.
Someone less nice could beat you up.
What do you want?
Lis.
And Bączek.
It's not you who runs your
small time cartel.
Hello. darling!
Hi!
Everything all right?
Just talking.
I was leaving.
You should also think about it!
Do you want to live like this?
Drive in old Fiats to Berlin
with new Mercs parked here?
Can't we show some patriotic spirit?
We all know it's a lie!
The Merc is stolen!
As soon as it crosses the border
you get in trouble.
We don't cooperate with agencies
in the West. Yet!
This will change.
You still have a chance!
Right. Come on!
I'm not naive!
I know it's not easy doing business here.
It's getting to dangerous.
It's time to step away.
If this deal works out.
we'll talk about this.
Okay?
Come on.
Don't be mad.
You said you had a present?
Right. where is my mind.
Ready?
Jesus!
Is it real?
Straight from Berlin!
A Big Mac!
I'm sorry it's cold.
Jesus!
It smells so good!
Told you!
Thank you!
Want to split it?
No. I've had one.
I have more!
- It's so good!
- You like it?
Hey! Romeo!
Where's this Army-McDonald's?
- Anybody coming?
- Coming.
That's alcohol!
Vodka down the drain!
That's communist negligence.
In the US you'd get fired for this.
Guys. this is colonel Zabieło.
The commander of the local army base.
You have to be the husband.
The lieutenant.
I am lieutenant Lis. Cunning as a fox.
We'll see about that.
And here's the plant manager.
No deal!
You can send them home.
What's wrong?
They have a buyer!
- I won't sell.
- Why not?
Do something!
Unless you have… dollars.
I will take dollars.
Why only dollars?
Because I need a new line!
And gaskets!
The old line is falling apart.
And since the army is in charge
I can't get any gaskets!
You are forgetting yourself!
Stop talking!
With the old government
we had everything!
Now with the army in charge?
There's nothing!
Without the gaskets
I'll have to listen
about communist negligence!
I am a good manager!
Listen.
I like you.
I can do business with you.
We'll get you dollars.
Everything.
Our customer provided 2 million dollars.
He's a big player.
Excuse us for a second!
We don't have that kind of money!
The dollars?
How can you get it?
One has to steal the first million!
Gentlemen.
is there a phone I could use?
Certainly. This way.
Hello. Mr. Bączek!
70:30 for you.
It's all there.
Are we good?
I'd like my briefcase back.
From last month.
They're not cheap.
More people are coming?
Indeed.
But individually.
Beef tartare?
Two eggs. the way you like it.
Some bread.
Mr. Bączek?
I need dollars.
For the spirit for the German.
Business of a lifetime.
You deal in currency.
So you're not going to help?
Piece of advice.
Big money stinks.
That's why we'll after it
like flies after shit.
But wise men know
that shit needs some perfume.
Some dessert?
Apple pie.
Or no…
I want a whole cake!
Chocolate?
It's good. Swiss.
Shokotella.
All children like chocolate.
And everyone likes
children.
So…
So what?
So we'll contact you with
the Shokotella guy.
You'll be the representative for Poland.
You won't make money.
but it'll turn you into
legitimate businesspeople.
putting a smile on kids' faces.
But how will I pay for the spirit?
See Wacław Trojan.
- Banker.
- And diplomat.
Just came back from Luxembourg.
Wants to get our financial market going.
So he'll buy the chocolate
and get us the currency?
No.
You eat the chocolate.
Tell Trojan everything.
Mr. Bączek is leaving.
Grab a business-card.
BANKER
Wacław Trojan
Honorary Consulate
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
Nobody noticed that the diplomat
was military intelligence.
Everything was set up.
He was the same guy
they spoke to in Berlin.
And ready.
Tea in seconds.
That's magic.
I need to touch it.
What's it called again? Micro…
Micro-well?
Micro-WAVE.
Wait until you see
the trick with a credit card.
You put it in a microwave and boom!
What's in this card?
Piece of plastic.
You put it in a wall
and money comes out.
Where can I get this plastic?
Only in the West.
The West has to be…
paradise.
I want to go to the West!
Ladies.
how about you go for a smoke?
We'll discuss our visit
with the Sultan of Brunei.
the wealthiest man alive.
So how much do you need?
Two…
Don't inhale.
Two? Did I hear right?
- Two.
- Two what?
Two million.
They say one has to steal the first million.
Told you!
Given…
…we steal the first million.
we'd still be one million short.
Doesn't solve anything.
And that is why
you won't steal anything.
Just cut it out. From newspapers.
Cut it out?
What newspapers?
Any paper will do.
Got a light?
- Are you crazy? So much money?
- Easy!
It's not your two dollars.
Once you have more money.
you'll see it's just paper.
Just paper.
Grab some newspapers.
And start cutting.
I'll handle the rest.
And the tennis pro will come in handy.
Always glad to help.
To keep up appearances.
I'll contact you with a cooperative bank.
You need to own
a state company.
Be quiet.
Is something wrong?
Just looking for a place to smoke.
Do you have a light?
Thank you.
Thanks.
Are you a snitch?
- What?
- Who do you work for?
- It's not like that.
- You have a minute to explain.
I worry about Antoni.
That he ends up shit creek.
Who the hell is this consul?
Damn porno fan.
Thinks we're stupid
and he can keep us in the kitchen.
Give me that lighter.
You might be right.
But what can we do?
Maybe we should join forces?
Polish Socialist Youth Union
That is great!
Got something else?
Sure!
There's a flight simulator.
Brilliant.
And strategy games.
My… Our boy plays them for hours!
And I'm dead.
Wanna try?
If only you were so brilliant in other areas…
Chanel No.5
Only available for dollars.
Interesting thing that Commodore.
Commodore
with a K.
Can we talk about that chocolate?
Short story.
You become chairman of the board.
nominated by the Youth Union.
The Union becomes majority shareholder.
While in reality the company is yours.
Ours.
Ours and the Union's.
He's the
CEO and shareholder.
Soldier. Servant of the state.
Son of a general from
the Military Council!
Of National Salvation!
And you!
On paper.
For the optics.
People trust the army.
What would I have to do?
On the supervisory board?
Just be present.
As a young politician
you should not ask "what".
Ask "how much".
Right.
How much?
100.
100?
I like a good negotiator.
150$ a month.
Shall we start printing and visit the notary?
What's the name of the company?
Maybe something patriotic?
Posnania?
What about that?
Posnania Import Export.
Short
PIE!
Pie!
Goes well with chocolate.
You forgot the Commandore.
It's a present.
Play with your kids.
With the TV-set it goes for 500$.
Welcome to hard currency paradise.
Think fast!
Good enough for Stockholm.
Mr. Komar! It's an honor!
Welcome to our humble abode.
Hallo!
I didn't know the consul
knew such famous people!
Thank you.
I can't remember where I met him.
Must've been at Roman Polanski's.
In his Alpine hut.
Wouldn't mind owning one myself.
Beautiful banks you have in Poland.
Call me Filip.
I have a present for you.
I hear your son is interested in sports?
I have a daughter.
Two. actually.
Great! Maybe one of them
will be a new Navratilova!
Just better looking.
I used this in the semi-final
in Stockholm.
Must've been a tough match.
Looks as if someone hit it on the pavement.
You know how it is.
It's not easy.
Before I forget.
One small matter.
- I have friends who sell chocolate.
- Sweet.
It's a Socialist Youth company.
so it's political.
Posnania.
They put a smile on kids' faces.
If you could help them out…
You're not trying to bribe me?
I would never…
Kidding!
For you? Anything!
Great!
There will be some gentlemen here tomorrow.
- What was the name?
- Posnania.
- Follow me.
- Thank you.
Funny guy.
Here you go.
Stop slacking off!
Start cutting!
It stands here…
It says.
About our Polish river.
It stands here that Warta is overflowing.
It says!
All right. gentlemen.
Let's open the bags and start counting.
There are Mr. Komar's friends.
The tennis pro's!
Rules are rules.
For all I know it could be
cut up papers.
You must be joking!
Some trust. maybe?
Trust. but verify!
Do you know who said that?
I do.
Lenin.
Just leave it.
You don't want our money?
Let's go somewhere else.
That won't be necessary.
Thank you for your vigilance.
Let me handle this personally.
A famous client. a respected company.
entrepreneurship spirit
of the Polish Socialist Youth Union!
Gentlemen! To the right. please.
Don't be shy.
It's a political matter
of international reach.
If you vouch for them.
then so be it.
Let's assume it's twenty billion złoty.
Here's a deposit confirmation.
This will allow you to buy 2 million dollars.
You have a month to turn your chocolate over.
If I don't have the money back by then.
I will have to look into those bags.
I hope all is clear.
Yes. sir.
We will switch the bags before then.
Great!
Very well.
Can you tell me.
why the Germans need so much spirit?
The hell I know!
Disinfecting hospitals?
But this much?
Germans like it clean.
OUTSKIRTS OF WEST BERLIN
Time for the baptism of fire.
That is new in the People's Republic!
I hope they let us in.
Remember what to say?
According to the Ministry
of Foreign Trade.
I can't remember.
Do I have to say it?
Remember! Business is a show!
You can't stand the pressure?
You're out!
Keep calm.
What if they ask me what the vodka is for?
Say we're selling it through Posnania.
Just don't mention my husband. the chairman.
and your husband. the vice-chairman.
Guys!
It's finished?
That's all?
Let's go!
Close the door please.
Faster!
And go!
Oh my gosh.
Fingers crossed!
Do I have to explain this racket
to the customs guys?
It's not a racket!
And the whole transport is in your name.
So you have to put it through customs.
Go!
Good evening.
Trunk please.
Look. I have
trousers for my husband.
an electric piano for my son
and three trucks.
And what is inside said trucks?
Vodka.
Spirit.
Very good.
Even Reagan likes it!
Do you have a concession?
Concession?
The trade foreign minister
will bring the alcohol in December.
Do you understand any of this?
Crazy woman.
What am I supposed to do
with all the vodka?
Dear madam.
this vodka will not enter the
People's Republic of Poland.
It's not a booze den!
You're in trouble.
According to the Ministry of Foreign Trade.
the import of alcohol not for sale
is as of today excluded from concessioning.
Entering Poland with alcohol
for private use
requires merely a bill of sale.
which I have here.
Do you know about this?
I need to call Warsaw.
Everything seems in order.
You can go.
Good-bye!
Now that was something!
The devil himself
couldn't have pulled it off.
But two women could!
They will make movies about us!
You'll see.
Hello again!
Hello!
Personal use. is it?
How much do you have?
This time it's
154.
Almost had me fooled.
You're something!
I thought she was crazy.
but she really had 154 trucks
filled with booze.
For personal use.
I'd like to see her liver.
Guten Tag!
How can we help?
Rolex watches.
Daytona.
Rolex.
I'm Kazik.
The watch is Rolex.
35.000 German marks.
How much is that?
20.000.
That's dollars.
How much in złoty?
200 million.
We'll take three.
Ask whether we get a discount.
Do we get a discount if we buy three?
Certainly.
Ask for something for a daughter.
You don't have a daughter!
Nothing for the wife?
Remember this.
A wife gets her kids in the summer
and slip-ons in winter.
Not golden watches.
I'll take that.
This one. please.
Und!
I rented those safe deposit boxes.
How much do we have?
Millions!
But you were wrong with your 400% margin.
But we're doing good?
It's 800%!
We're making more than Escobar!
While he is being chased
by all the police in the world.
we have just one stubborn cop.
And round it goes!
They told me I could get trousers here?
Used to. We are changing businesses.
To what?
Best spirit… I mean chocolate!
Chocolate. you say?
Here.
What is going on here?
The man wanted to buy trousers
and I explained the situation.
I was just leaving.
Good-bye.
Police training sucks these days.
Was that a cop?
Surplus jacket?
Pretends to be cool.
spiteful eyes?
Everybody would notice!
And we never had walk-ins!
Plainclothes cop.
Damn.
Five more minutes?
Sabina…
Feels like old times.
I'd like to go back in time.
Our child – would it be a girl or a son?
Don't know.
I was in shock. Didn't ask.
It was nice. but your Kaz has to
go back to big business.
Time to swallow some tiny fish.
Go get them. shark!
Or they will swallow you!
For some shopping.
Do you have some left?
Stupid!
Bye!
Kaz? Did you forget something?
It's you.
Brought you some presents.
You really are stupid.
Think I can't afford coffee?
Never refuse presents.
Never.
You know what I want.
And you know what I want.
Where is she?
Where is my daughter?
Address!
Your report.
What a naughty boy!
Hiding his income.
Did you find out anything about Marzena?
I'm working on it.
She's starting to trust me.
Keep working.
You might even get a medal.
Her address.
You have to make do with pictures.
You should not have given her up.
I just want to see her.
Yours and Bączek's.
I hope he doesn't know about her.
I told him I had a miscarriage.
Let's keep it that way.
Soon we'll allow private currency exchange.
Kazik. that's something up our alley?
I'm done with currency.
Olek might be interested.
For the country. Prime minister!
Keep the vodka flowing.
Are you doing so well?
With the chocolate?
It's good money.
Chocolate?
To go with the chocolate.
No hangover!
This needs to be diluted.
It's all on the label.
And here's the sports version.
Limited edition.
That's good.
People are bored.
Let them play with spirits.
There's this company in Sweden.
They sell you furniture
which you have to assemble yourself.
And people buy it!
They line up for it!
Just like here. but they didn't have war.
Like on this TV show!
„Do it yourself” with Adam Słodowy.
Maybe it's his family's business!
How much do you make on that chocolate?
4-5 million dollars.
Per week.
Once I wanted to be like Al Capone.
Now we're bigger.
Prime minister. the press is waiting.
Let them in.
Hide the booze!
Don't hide anything!
Let them see how good we're doing.
They'll show some respect.
How are the relations between the government
and private sector?
Excellent.
I've just had a great meeting
with top entrepreneurs.
Supported by a world-famous tennis pro.
Can there be a better answer?
Few people know that Poznań is
the business capital of Poland.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen.
please enjoy!
Compliments of the house!
This guy's suit?
Must be worth 200$.
A year's wages.
How did they turn this town into
Poland's booze El Dorado
even though there are no distilleries here?
Holier than thou?
Leave the private business be!
Go pray to Lenin!
Hello. neigbor!
You're good for nothing!
Didn't make it again?
Leave me be.
Should've left it to me.
We would have swapped the bags with ease.
Leave me alone!
You gave me a bloody nose!
Maciejak. state police.
We received a tip that you robbed a bank.
That's false information.
I paid out my savings.
The company's. that is.
It's a political matter.
- Bag the evidence.
- All the money?
There was a big transaction.
What can you possibly know.
You'll never make even half
of what I have here.
What about this?
- Leave it!
- Are those savings too?
That's the boy's.
Neighbour’s boy's! They play Monopoly!
He has too many bags at home.
He stored them here.
Are you persecuting children now?
Some big fish. those kids.
Listen up!
I know what you are up to.
I don't know how.
but I will find out.
Do you know why?
Because I am hard-headed.
Take everything!
Lis and his Monopoly too.
I am an officer of the Polish army!
My father is a general.
Yes. we know.
I don't see an officer.
Just a small-time crook
on a pile of dirty money.
Take him away.
But gentlemen!
Gentlemen!
Grab everything!
Kazik?
They arrested Karol!
Do something!
Easy!
That was the district commander!
I know the big man.
We have to let your suspect go!
Keep him for 48 hours and send him home.
But we secured the money!
- I am so close to a testimony!
- Not anymore!
Warsaw wanted us
to fight illegal booze!
Wait a second!
I don't believe it.
Are we cops or not?
Arrest those "King Vodka"-guys.
They're small time!
- Posnania is our Al Capone!
- That was an order!
Leave Posnania be.
Exhibition
Marzena Pazik
You should put a band-aid on it.
Am I under arrest?
Please. don't be overly dramatic.
I'm being dramatic now?
Can't we just talk?
Do you need help?
No.
It's fine.
Put it over there.
I am not the enemy.
I am not trying to hurt you.
I'd like to help you!
Help me and I'll help both of you.
How?
I need something on Lis and Bączek.
Is that you?
That cop knows everything!
Times are changing!
Soon you'll lose all protection.
We need to leave.
Now! No discussion!
I can't take it no more!
Either we leave or I leave!
Marzena.
I am way ahead of you.
I've had enough.
We'll get married and leave.
Berlin. USA.
Some remote island.
And we'll never leave.
We have enough money.
Yes!
Remember!
This is just in case.
Emergency only.
- Got it?
- Yes.
Finally.
I love you!
Excuse me. I am looking for Mrs. Dorota.
What are you doing here?
I am buying spirit from you!
It's good stuff!
Sells quickly.
Even President Reagan like it!
Pure!
I'm in a hurry.
I sold you spirit.
Good for you!
I have a second production line!
Domestic!
This is how we make money!
I supply 40 stores!
Congratulations!
Our product is too expensive!
That's why we buy your stuff!
It's cheaper!
To keep the stores open
and people employed!
I am buying back
what I sold you!
The invisible hand in economics!
- Normal thing!
- Normal?
What is normal about that?
I have to go.
Thank you. sir.
11 billion złoty. as agreed.
You're like family to me!
Antek!
How much is that in dollars?
I'm used to counting. but so many zeros…
Around 1 million.
Here's 2 percent commission.
Tax. if you like.
And a racket.
As they say in the West – excise tax!
Here's our lost boy!
Sorry guys. I had a run-in
with the authorities.
Right. now we're complete.
I hereby open the monthly
friendly family feud!
Enjoy yourselves!
Great speech!
I know!
Leaving already?
I don't feel so well.
But tomorrow is still on?
I have a new exercise VHS!
Yes.
Bye.
Please tell Kazik we left.
It'll be a wild night.
He won't even notice.
Know what? I'll come with you.
Kazik has to watch over business anyway.
Girls!
Leaving already?
- Can you give Edyta a lift?
- Of course.
I'll be with you in an hour!
I'll take you.
Karol! Good to see you!
Meet our beautiful ladies.
Żaneta. Monika and Magda!
I noticed her earlier!
Come back to bed!
I'm not done with you yet!
Shouldn't you go back?
This whole family feud?
Look after the business?
Why?
Let the boys think
they have some authority.
Don't they?
I am the one running things!
They just play bookkeeping.
And more.
I like it when you talk like this.
How?
Tough.
Just like…
There is no "like"!
I am better and tougher
than the lot of you!
Army.
Then we have
central trade administrators.
State police.
Military intelligence.
And politicians.
So? How about it then?
And off!
Look at them.
As if they had never seen a naked broad.
Maybe they haven't.
What was that on the phone?
Didn't catch a word.
Ladies. there's a police raid.
We have to evacuate you.
Police?
I can't be seen here!
I am having breakfast
with Princess Diana!
Take the ladies out through the rear.
Let's get going!
Get the girls and Filip
and go to the next hotel.
Just make it a decent one!
It'll be all right. Let's go.
Mr. Komar will take care of it.
I'm still drunk.
Just remain calm.
- Where?
- One o'clock.
Our dearest wives!
We've been working through the night…
…with the board of directors.
About to have breakfast.
Maybe you could join us?
Gladly. our dearest husbands!
Who are you here to see?
Excellent idea. this family feud!
Karol. what is that "family feud"?
It's just…
Where's that police raid?
That's the raid?
Seems worse than the police.
"Family feud" is the meeting
of store managers.
We are almost like a big family!
And the other hotel was crap.
Filip is abroad. from what I hear?
And he left us 2 dollars.
Bye then!
Four beef tartare. please.
Karol!
Cheating is for the competent!
Our husbands will pay for the cleaning.
Lead the way!
Let me introduce you.
Captain Jan Sebastian.
We have already met.
I never asked his first name.
Ladies like men in uniform.
Am I right?
How dare you cheat on me!
You sluts!
How can you not care about the parties?
We have our own deal.
He has to look after the business.
Push your pelvis out.
That's so pretty!
Antek gave it to you?
Did he propose?
Yes. but… don't tell!
It's a secret!
Sure thing.
That is great news!
Tell me all about it!
- There you go.
- Thanks.
Wasn't that Marzena?
Do you have something to tell me?
Anything?
Antek and Marzena have enough.
They met this stubborn cop
with ties to Warsaw.
And he guaranteed them immunity.
Provided Antek rats on Kazik and Karol.
And?
They'll get married. go on honeymoon
and never come back.
Live abroad.
Good job. Sabrina!
And now the address.
This country has laws.
You gave your child away.
You can't be in touch.
And I still need you.
Your time is over!
Our time is about to begin. Goldilocks!
There's this saying.
Lord. protect me from my friends.
I can take care of my enemies.
That was the case with Bączek.
Starczewski told him that we wanted out.
He had no scruples.
Antoni Kafer!
An interesting car
for an interesting man!
Courtesy of me and Karol.
All the best!
Good luck. Marzena!
Like the colour?
Do you know how much power it has?
You have to go 150 km/h to feel it.
The speedo maxes out at 160.
Sorry for being late!
You've met Helena. I believe.
- I know you!
- I'm pregnant.
Congratulations!
How could this happen?
I thought you never took the rubber off.
I am scratching my head over this myself.
What a pimped out ride!
- Whose is it?
- I guess it's ours now.
We have to go for a cruise!
Our last night in Poland.
We'll leave all the shit behind.
And we'll have…
Beautiful children!
Oh yes!
And we shall raise them…
To be honest people!
I love you!
Remember me. wise-ass?
Barely.
You sold me a fake icon.
I got locked up!
It's a misunderstanding.
My marriage was a misunderstanding.
Go to the police then!
- I take care of business personally!
- I'm in a hurry.
You bastard!
Get him!
The well is dry.
Next week we're out of business.
Taxes and customs on booze.
Prohibition is over.
Bye. bye. Capone!
Really?
Antek is fighting for his life
and all you can think of is booze?
He's your friend!
You are right.
Sorry.
And he had all the passwords.
To access the money.
My dearest Marzena!
If you're reading this.
things are bad.
Don't weep.
Not now.
There's always time to mourn.
You have to act now.
And for that…
You need money.
I divided the company's assets
in three equal parts.
The passwords are hidden at home.
You know where.
Now the important part.
Get your money before you
give the guys their share.
That is crucial!
You first. Then them.
It's your only chance.
Do it now.
Instantly.
Life creates the most unbelievable stories.
This story has a colorful continuation.
Even though I was convinced my life was over.